docs: improve style in Creating & Modifying pages (#24987)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/creating-and-modifying-pages.md

- In your site's gatsby-node.js by implementing the API
  [`createPages`](/docs/node-apis/#createPages)

> - Gatsby core automatically turns React components exported `default` in `src/pages/*` into pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gatsby core automatically turns React components in `src/pages/*` into pages. Note that you must make the component the default export
```

> - Gatsby core automatically turns React components in `src/pages/*` into pages. Note that you must make the component the default export

Reviewer 2: Some folks reading this page might not know what default exports are exactly, so we shouldn't assume. Linking to more information would help.
```suggestion
- Gatsby core automatically turns React components in `src/pages/*` into pages. Note that you must make the component the [default export](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/javascript/reference/statements/export)
```
